https://codepen.io/RayaWilkins/pen/VwbaLoE
 
 
 
 
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Specific ways to organize html
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It is used to organize content
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    they are used to add aditional info , such as a link, image source, alt text etc
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is used as a main header and ideally should be used once but there are 6 header tags.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The image and link tab

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    You would put a header tag. 
    
    7. What is an id?
    a way to specifiy and further organize elements.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    none.

    10. What is a class? 
    It is another way to organize elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as needed.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a target=_blank element within img element

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    If the image does not show up, it describes the image. It can also be used for accesibility.
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    with #
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section tag is more so for semantics while a div is utilized for more specific styling.
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Css is used to style.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by just entering the element (h2)(w/o parenthesis) followed by{ }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Id can only be used once and a class can be used multiple times.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It is simply an order of actions. A parent can make changes to the child element within it but it does not work inversely.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A selector that is used in specific states. (such as hover)

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing:x;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:x;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    you would use text-transform:(case); (without parenthesis)

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-width:1px;
    border-style:dotted;
    border-color:black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    *{} 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    By placing it within /**/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls-1
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git rm. You have to be careful to ONLY remove the file and not the entire drectory.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It is easier to track and manage changes.
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    About every 20 minutes or so OR when major changes are made.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push --set-upstream origin branch name (after git add . and git commit -m "changes made"

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    cd (directory name)
    git clone
    cd (clone name)
    code .
    then add pushes, as stated above.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
